Pick up something that had fallen on the sidelines of the room
Take a stick and tape a neodymium magnet on it
Glue a magnet to the bottle cap
Cut the bottle in half
Glue the bottle cap to your foot
Glue the bottle cap to the bottom of the bottle
Hot glue a binder clip to the side
Now smash it with a baseball bat made of hot glue
Hot glue a shirt to the wall
Next, fold the paper in half
After that, insert a usb cable inside of it
Plug a usb cable into your laptop
Fold the bottle in half
Take a big neodymium magnet
put the magnet on the ceiling with hot glue
attatch the kitchen equipment on the magnet
put an egg inside of a toilet paper roll
hot glue the toiler paper roll to the top of a bottle
cut the toiler paper roll into rings
throw paper on the ground
When your keyboard legs break, you can use big binder clips as a replacement
open the fridge, take out the watermelon, cut the watermelon, eat the watermelon, instant easy food
Need to brush teeth no toothbrush take stick from woods tape hairbrush to stick brush teeth
Carve a hole in a watermelon. Fill it with wax. Light it on fire.
You can use dish soap and some water to make bubbles fluid. Then you can use any twisty pipe thing and bend it to look like a bubble blowing thing. Then you can blow bubbles!
using a razor knife cut the top off of a plastic bottle, open a can of your choice, use a hot glue gun to attach the the top of the bottle to the top of the can
Put Coke in a spray bottle boom: spray coke
Clean the grout on your bathroom tile
Bath in craft cement. Wait to dry. Exit bath. Fill mold with latex. Break concrete mold. Cuddle latex replica of self. boom: have a recreation of self
open your computer
Fill up water bottle
Carry bottle with you
Drink When Thirsty boom: no longer thirsty
Fill Up Bottle Again boom: more water
Infinite Hydration on the go boom: water on the go
Line a pair of glasses with wax paper. Remove the lenses and fill with hot glue. Remove the wax paper and you now have glasses with hot glue lenses boom: solved
Get a fork and four chopsticks. Drill holes in one end of each of the chopsticks and put them on the prongs of the fork. Hot glue to secure everything. You now have a chop stick fork boom: here you go
Cut the shampoo bottle from the up front. Then cut a hole for the charger on the top. Paint it as you like and plug in your charger through the hole to hang it. boom: solved the problem
Cut the cardboard to form square and put it the Zip lock bag and place your document in it. This will prevent the paper to get wet. boom: epic solution
Put your smartphone on the airplane mode. This will help to charge smartphone to charge twice as fast as before. This will also block ads when playing games. boom: video game
People tend to steel black and blue pens rather that a red one. Place black or blue cartridge in red pen. boom: problem solved
Place a newspaper in the dustbin to prevent this.
Cut a random cable with USB at the end and replace it with a real USB until it looks like a crap.
To download a YouTube video or audio just insert the work "Magic" between You and Tube.
Press space bar on keyboard when you get the message "Unable to connect to internet" to play a game
You can automate your house like a boss. Control the lights to door locks with a credit card sized computer called raspberry pi. You may add smartphone control and voice recognition for ease. You may control Ip cams and garage doors. You can add a voice recognition and integrate sound system in the house so that it can tell you whatever it asks for.
Lay a wooden spoon over the top of a pot to prevent a boil-over.
Make Ramen Noodles in a coffee maker for a quick meal. Put the noodles in the carafe and add the recommended amount of water to the reservoir. Turn on the brewing cycle and leave the noodles in the dispensed hot water for the recommended time. Transfer them to a bowl and stir in the seasonings
Reheat leftover pizza in a skillet to get a crispy crust. Place the skillet over medium heat and add a quick spritz of cooking spray or a few drops of cooking oil. Heat a slice of pizza in the pan for 2 minutes, then put the lid on and turn the heat to low for about 2 minutes or until the cheese is melted
Use a skirt hanger with clips as a space-saving cookbook holder. Use the 2 clips on the hanger to hold the cookbook open. Put the hanger’s hook over a nearby cupboard handle to create an instant and very useful cookbook holder
Remove stems from strawberries quickly with a thick straw. Insert the straw into the side opposite to the stem and press it up through the center of the strawberry. When you get all the way through to the top, the stem will pop right up and out!
First rub the tube of glue stick with body cream was to help the glue come off. And then I use hot glue gun to draw either shapes, dots or swirls the on tube of glue stick in shapes of ring. boom: some rings
All you need is a glass vase/jar/cup/wine bottle, a hot glue gun and 2 of sprays paint. Well it might actually take you a few minutes to decide what pattern you will make on the vase with the glue. Set your glue gun on medium or low and have plenty of back up sticks. Slowly follow you pattern. Don't worry if you mess up, when the hot glue dries you can simply peel it off. Take outside to a ventilated area and apply two coats on the outside of the vase with spray paint. I used a golden paint and let it dry about 5 minutes and then I used a pink paint between each coat to avoid drips. Set upon a shelf to admire or gather a handful of flowers and give to your mother or do what ever you like with it
Got a loose ring? This genius hack lets you easily size down a ring with just some hot glue. Work on parchment or wax paper. It's not permanent as you can peel off the glue. A good solution for rings which you want to wear on different fingers. This is just a temporary hack. It won't hurt solid metal rings but it might well take off the plating of cheap rings. So be warned. There are some other products on the market like the silicone one linked below. However, the best way is to get a professional jeweler to resize rings.
The hot glue gun is a really cool tool to have in any workshop. No matter whether you need instant holding power, insulation, or the properties of soft plastic, the hot glue gun is one practical tool to have at your disposal.
hot glue 
more hot glue Boom:foot massager
Fill with hot glue boom: hot glue
Eat hot glue boom: miracle
cut the hot glue in half
Grab a package of ramen noodles. Cook the noodles, and pull out a few individual noodles. Shape into a flower on your favorite shirt.Coat in resin. Boom: cupholder.